James Crowell
CS 455-001
HW3

This was pretty neat, overall. I was really nervous and uneasy about Docker (as I am with anything new; I'm always so ready to not be smart enough to grasp it. ...After years of doing something, you'd think one would have better confidence), but it's a pretty rad program. I can usually tell when something is gonna end up being a big deal because I find myself thinking about it a lot in my spare time, and I confess: I have many questions about how Docker works, as well as how one might apply it to program testing and, perhaps later, penetration testing. I would also really like to know how it works; it's obviously using a private IP and not piggybacking off my computer's (I think; it's a 172.17 while I'm running on a 192.168), so where is it? Is it hosted remotely on a free server Docker provides to civvies? I would really like to know. I tried putting Docker up on my laptop and running TimeClient from Onyx and the connection never resolved, so that suggests it's local to my computer and doing like a Bridge network thing or some such. I'm still not clear enough on the finer points of these things to really have a good grasp of where to start when it comes to trying new stuff with it. That said, I'm excited about it; always happy to add a new tool to my repertoire, and I hear Docker's praises being sung quite a bit.

Beyond that, I was slightly stymied here: it's not so big a problem that I think it needs addressing before turning the assignment in, but I have to admit, the method I thought would be able to differentiate between real IPs and mistakenly-entered ones doesn't quite work like I wanted it to. I was laboring under the thought that a bad IP (which, does such a thing exist? Is there a way to identify it? Theoreticaly, all possible sequences of numbers in a given IP format *EXIST*, assuming you're within accepted ranges, they may just not be *ASSIGNED* at the time) would give a different error message than a "legitimate" IP that is simply "busy". Case in point, I thought a Socket Timeout would indicate "Good IP, Bad Timing", while any other ("Connection Refused", for instance? I know Connection Refused is more of a generic catch-all error) would indicate erroneous input. Under that hope, I thought I could make a Linked List out of all the good IPs supplied in the CLI at time of running, but what I've tried to run with so far, EVERYTHING gets added to the LL and then looped through. I'm confident enough that I've satisfied the requirements of the assignment that I'm going to focus on other things that need doing (P2, P3, and work for other classes I care about 1/5 as much as this class, at most), but I will hopefully remember to ask in class about an explanation for how to separate good IP input vs bad IP input based solely on how the program reacts to it/what errors spawn, if that makes any sense.