# Coding Journal
## Name: James Crowell
## Lab: Module 8
## Entries:
### October 15, 2021
Dude. I love this class, KIND OF, because I love the concept and practice of learning a new language. But I think there are places we could improve on how we learn things. We spent the first six weeks or so going over absolute fundaments like IF and WHILE statements, basic execution/navigation; stuff that we should REASONABLY be expected to know because CS221 (at LEAST; was it also 321?) was a prerequisite for this course. 221 teaches Java, and Java was meant/designed as a successor for C/C++. The structure for those functions, loops and conditionals, are completely the same. Now, suddenly, we're writing multi-segmented programs and needing to have a solid understanding of Pointers, which we JUST broke into, as well as having to do string entry and manipulation over relatively long periods of time (meaning a program can run for a while and can accumulate some garbage, metaphorically speaking). Why couldn't we have skipped the incredible basics review for the first six weeks, and instead spent those weeks covering the parts of C that DON'T overlap with Java? Why did we spend time "learning" about IFs and WHILEs, and not learning about Pointers, or the Buffer? How to keep in mind not only what the Buffer has from past functions/operations, but WHY it has that, HOW it's going to participate in future executions the program does, and how to clear it out? We JUST got that BufferPurge() function; we needed that WEEKS ago! I still can't even get it to function properly, and I have no idea WHY. It often causes me to have to enter selections twice before they take effect, but if I don't use it, or something like it, future scanfs or fgets's during program execution just get skipped! I don't understand why this is, and it frustrates me that I don't. I think this is what we should have been focusing on from the very beginning. I'll grant, two months into my learning Java, I was also wigged out and confused and constantly agitated, learning it all, but I think CS 121 and 221 do a better job guiding and and educating students to acclimate to the language and learn to master it. I ALSO grant that that job is harder in C, because C is lower-level and therefore more alien to human thinking. Or at least, it sure seems that way.

Please understand that I do enjoy this class overall, and I think we have a great teacher, whose attitude if nothing else is one of the best/most agreeable I've had in the year and a half I've been attending BSU. I just wish this class had been structured differently from the very beginning, and approached the subject matter with different priorities.
