James Crowell
CS 455-001
HW4

Getting AWS up and running was a bit of a pain, which I saw coming, but we got there before too long. It's a little initmidating, at first, with the sheer BREADTH of options that AWS offers; sniffing out where to go took me a second. After that, getting CONNECTED was a pain. The "wrong permissions on .pem key file" thing didn't take much to correct, but it gets frustrating (even if I understand the reasons; you don't want to HELP bad actors, but it means you also don't end up helping good actors) when you get generic "refused" returns when your SSH arguments are wrong. By that, I mean I didn't have either the right username or the right address to SSH into the remote machine, and while the IPV4 address is pretty fool-proof, that's only half the equation. I needed to lean out to outside resources to figure out where the ec2-user tip was, but once we had that, it was pretty easy to do everything else.

I just used the included example TimeServer, obviously, since we cloned that repository to the AWS machines to run the Server to begin with, but I just wanted to be clear that that's not my Server code in the hw4 folder, it's YOURS, haha. I have to admit, there seemed to be so little to do that I'm quietly terrified I've missed the point of this assignment, unless it was literally just to get a little experience with AWS. Because part of the HW4 assignment says to modify the code so it can accept a list of IPs and sift through them as they don't respond, and we already did that in HW3, did we not? Am I missing something, or can we just pull our HW3 Client code and insert it in here, meaning we really just have to get initiated with AWS usage, take some screencaps of having done so, and submit that? I'm genuinely unsure, but it's already an established trend with me that I'm never really *GOOD* with how I feel with assignments; I'm only satisfied in retrospect, if I get a score back that says "aye, you did the thing good." So, you know, here's hoping.
